# Wiki

{{unblock|Welcome back to English Wikipedia. It is finally time for me to send an unblock request now. Before, I begin the unblock request, I had a few things to point out. That ANI discussion above was started by an anonymous IP user from [[University of Oxford]] (See the [[User_talk:192.76.8.88|IP's talk page]]). I can see that most of the ANI discussions are started by registered users, not by anonymous users like that discussion. I am also grateful that [[Wikipedia:Requests for adminship|one of my wiki-friends has become an admin]]. 

Currently on my user page, there is a note saying {{tq|Administrators, please review the banning policy before unblocking.}} Since then, I have been creating my own user pages on other Wikis. Once I return to English Wikipedia, I would be able to create my user page here also. I am also eligible for The Wikipedia Library. To access the library, the following conditions are required: 500+ edits; 6+ months editing; 10+ edits in the last month; No active blocks. This block on English Wikipedia is preventing me from accessing the library. 

So, now I am submitting this unblock request per [[Wikipedia:Banning policy#Appeals_of_bans_imposed_by_the_community]] for two reasons.  First, it is six months since I tried to evade my block as {{IP user|71.187.155.233}} to protest against an RfD, where another voter was a sockpuppeteer, and I have also participated in other wikis without any problems. Second, it is going to be a month before I get the ArbCom 2022 Elections voter message, and I should be back on English Wikipedia before it is time for the 2022 election.  ~~~~}} 
